Update Docs (#1085)
trixi-framework/TrixiParticles.jl: docs/src/overview.md

```

## Structure
In the codebase, a scheme denotes a particle method or model such as Weakly Compressible
SPH (WCSPH) or Total Lagrangian SPH (TLSPH). Schemes are organized by application area,
for example fluid, structure, and boundary systems. A scheme typically comprises at least
two files: a `system.jl` file and an `rhs.jl` file. The `system.jl` file defines the data
structure that stores the particles of the scheme together with routines for allocation and

> main updates that do not involve particle interactions. The `rhs.jl` file contains the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
main updates that do not involve the computation of forces from interactions between particles. The `rhs.jl` file contains these
```
